# Twangilizer - 4 Harmonic Tracking Oscillator with 4 VCAs
Twangilizer is a 20HP Eurorack module designed and made by Greenface Labs.
Used in conjunction with a VCO and a multiple-output CV generating module such as the Bonkulator, Twangilizer is a great way to set the amplitude envelopes of a tone and 4 of its harmonics. 
The harmonics are selectable from 1f, 2f, 3f, 4f, 5f, 6f, 7f and 8f. They are available as square waves at the output jacks 1-4.
The harmonics are also used to generate 10-step sine-wave approximations. The amplitudes of these waves are set by the CV inputs and then added to form the analog signal output.

Twangilizer features one signal input, an analog signal output, 4 digital harmonic outputs, 4 CV bias level adjustment pots, and four CV inputs to the VCAs.
It also features harmonic selection controls: Four 8 position rotary switches to select the harmonic from the above list. And there is a toggle switch per channel that selects divide by one, or divide by two.

The signal input level must be greater than .1Vp-p for the phase-locked loop circuits to be able to lock on.
The output signal ranges from 0 to 10Vp-p. The CV inputs range is 0 - 10V.

These repos contain the materials needed to construct the Twangilizer main board and the front panel. The files are for KiCAD 6.0. 
Go to the Greenlight Kicad repo to get the needed libraries. The gerber files work with JLCPC and will most likely work with other board manufacturers.

When using the JLCPCB assembly service, the BOM is split into 3 parts.
- bom/lcsc/main_bom.xlsx : The parts to be assembled by JLCPCB
- bom/digi-key/main_split.xlsx : The remaining parts to be assembled by user
- bom/other/other_bom.xlsx : The parts that must be bought from sources other than JLCPCB and Digi-Key

Also, when an assembly service is used, a component position file is required. This file's path is: fab/main_cpl.xlsx

notes: 	The cpl files are auto-generated from the .pos files produced by KiCAD. The bom files are generated by generate_boms.bat. You will need to refresh the data and save the file when changes to 
the schematic that affect the BOM or changes to the board layout occur. 
If they exist, the extra parts and additional data fields that appear on the schematic help to produce the different BOM files. 
They must be maintained for these BOMs to come out right.
